etc/firefox/firefox.js					    web/firefox
usr/bin/firefox						    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/Throbber-small.gif			    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/application.ini				    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/browser/chrome				    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/browser/crashreporter-override.ini	    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/browser/defaults			    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/browser/features/doh-rollout@mozilla.org.xpi web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/browser/features/formautofill@mozilla.org.xpi web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/browser/features/pictureinpicture@mozilla.org.xpi web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/browser/features/screenshots@mozilla.org.xpi web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/browser/features/webcompat-reporter@mozilla.org.xpi web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/browser/features/webcompat@mozilla.org.xpi  web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/browser/omni.ja				    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/crashreporter				    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/crashreporter.ini			    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/defaults/pref/channel-prefs.js		    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/dependentlibs.list			    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/distribution				    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/firefox					    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/firefox-bin				    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/fonts/TwemojiMozilla.ttf		    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/gmp-clearkey/0.1/libclearkey.so		    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/gmp-clearkey/0.1/manifest.json		    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/libipcclientcerts.so			    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/liblgpllibs.so				    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/libmozavcodec.so			    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/libmozavutil.so				    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/libmozgtk.so				    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/libmozsandbox.so			    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/libmozsqlite3.so			    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/libmozwayland.so			    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/libxul.so				    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/minidump-analyzer			    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/omni.ja					    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/pingsender				    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/platform.ini				    web/firefox
usr/lib/firefox/plugin-container			    web/firefox
usr/lib/mime/packages/firefox				    web/firefox
usr/share/applications/firefox.desktop			    web/firefox
usr/share/bug/firefox/control				    web/firefox
usr/share/bug/firefox/presubj				    web/firefox
usr/share/bug/firefox/script				    web/firefox
usr/share/doc/firefox/NEWS.Debian.gz			    web/firefox
usr/share/doc/firefox/README.Debian			    web/firefox
usr/share/doc/firefox/changelog.Debian.gz		    web/firefox
usr/share/doc/firefox/copyright				    web/firefox
usr/share/firefox/browser/chrome/icons/default/default128.png web/firefox
usr/share/firefox/browser/chrome/icons/default/default16.png web/firefox
usr/share/firefox/browser/chrome/icons/default/default32.png web/firefox
usr/share/firefox/browser/chrome/icons/default/default48.png web/firefox
usr/share/firefox/browser/chrome/icons/default/default64.png web/firefox
usr/share/firefox/browser/defaults/preferences/debugger.js  web/firefox
usr/share/firefox/browser/defaults/preferences/firefox-branding.js web/firefox
usr/share/firefox/browser/defaults/preferences/firefox.js   web/firefox
usr/share/firefox/browser/defaults/preferences/vendor.js    web/firefox
usr/share/firefox/browser/defaults/syspref		    web/firefox
usr/share/firefox/distribution/searchplugins/common/debsearch.xml web/firefox
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/firefox.png	    web/firefox
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/firefox.png		    web/firefox
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/firefox.png		    web/firefox
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/firefox.png		    web/firefox
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/firefox.png		    web/firefox
usr/share/icons/hicolor/symbolic/apps/firefox-symbolic.svg  web/firefox
usr/share/lintian/overrides/firefox			    web/firefox
usr/share/man/man1/firefox.1.gz				    web/firefox
